README.md, before:

## Autorepost Dashboard Monorepo

This repository houses the multi-service TikTok autoreposting platform. The active codebase is organised as a Turborepo monorepo with discrete services for the API, background workers, and the Next.js dashboard. Legacy artefacts and research notes have been archived under `drafts/` to keep the working tree focused.

### Repository Layout
- `apps/api` – NestJS REST API with tenant-aware connection, rule, queue, storage, and security modules.
- `apps/worker` – NestJS worker service prepared for BullMQ processors.
- `apps/web` – Next.js 15 dashboard using the App Router and Tailwind.
- `packages/common` – Shared utilities and cross-service helpers.
- `packages/domain` – Domain models, DTOs, and validation schemas.
- `packages/integrations-tiktok` – TikTok integration contracts slated to absorb the legacy scraper.
- `prisma` – Database schema and migrations.
- `docs` – Living documentation and implementation roadmap.
- `drafts` – Archived legacy Vercel API, research files, and experimental code.

### Quick Start

1. **Install dependencies**:
   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

2. **Setup environment**:
   ```bash
   npm run generate:token-key
   cp env.production.example .env
   # Edit .env with your credentials
   ```

3. **Initialize database**:
   ```bash
   npm run db:migrate
   npm run db:seed
   ```

4. **Create admin user**:
   ```bash
   npm run setup:supabase
   ```

5. **Start development**:
   ```bash
   npm run dev
   ```
   - API: http://localhost:4000
   - Web: http://localhost:3000
   - Worker: runs automatically

### 📚 Documentation

#### Getting Started
- **[Quick Start Guide](docs/QUICK_START.md)** - Get running in 15 minutes
- **[Setup Guide](docs/SETUP.md)** - Complete production setup
- **[Environment Variables](docs/ENVIRONMENT_VARIABLES.md)** - Complete reference for all configuration options

#### Deployment
- **[Deployment Guide](DEPLOYMENT.md)** - Deploy to production (Render.com, Vercel)
- **[Admin Setup](ADMIN_SETUP.md)** - Create admin user and configure OAuth
- **[Production Status](docs/PRODUCTION_STATUS.md)** - Feature completion status

#### Security & Operations
- **[Security Checklist](docs/SECURITY_CHECKLIST.md)** - Pre-deployment security verification
- **[Observability](docs/observability.md)** - Metrics, logging, and monitoring

### Additional Notes
- The legacy single-function Vercel deployment now lives in `drafts/legacy-vercel-api`. Port any still-relevant scraping logic into `packages/integrations-tiktok` before deletion.
- Reference specifications, diagrams, and historical notes sit in `drafts/reference-materials`.
- Set `TOKEN_ENCRYPTION_KEY` (base64 AES-256 key) before booting the API so OAuth tokens are stored encrypted.
- Follow the roadmap in `docs/implementation-roadmap.md` to continue development phases.
- Prometheus metrics are exposed at `/metrics` on the API and via the worker `METRICS_PORT` (default disabled). See `docs/observability.md`.
- Run `npm run smoke:test` after deploys to verify `/health` and `/metrics` endpoints.
- Render/Vercel deployment guidance lives in `docs/deployments/render.md`.
# autorepost-dash

Commit message:

Add AWS deployment quick start guide and update README

README.md, after:

## Autorepost Dashboard Monorepo

This repository houses the multi-service TikTok autoreposting platform. The active codebase is organised as a Turborepo monorepo with discrete services for the API, background workers, and the Next.js dashboard. Legacy artefacts and research notes have been archived under `drafts/` to keep the working tree focused.

### Repository Layout
- `apps/api` – NestJS REST API with tenant-aware connection, rule, queue, storage, and security modules.
- `apps/worker` – NestJS worker service prepared for BullMQ processors.
- `apps/web` – Next.js 15 dashboard using the App Router and Tailwind.
- `packages/common` – Shared utilities and cross-service helpers.
- `packages/domain` – Domain models, DTOs, and validation schemas.
- `packages/integrations-tiktok` – TikTok integration contracts slated to absorb the legacy scraper.
- `prisma` – Database schema and migrations.
- `docs` – Living documentation and implementation roadmap.
- `drafts` – Archived legacy Vercel API, research files, and experimental code.

### Quick Start

1. **Install dependencies**:
   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

2. **Setup environment**:
   ```bash
   npm run generate:token-key
   cp env.production.example .env
   # Edit .env with your credentials
   ```

3. **Initialize database**:
   ```bash
   npm run db:migrate
   npm run db:seed
   ```

4. **Create admin user**:
   ```bash
   npm run setup:supabase
   ```

5. **Start development**:
   ```bash
   npm run dev
   ```
   - API: http://localhost:4000
   - Web: http://localhost:3000
   - Worker: runs automatically

### 📚 Documentation

#### Getting Started
- **[Quick Start Guide](docs/QUICK_START.md)** - Get running in 15 minutes
- **[Setup Guide](docs/SETUP.md)** - Complete production setup
- **[Environment Variables](docs/ENVIRONMENT_VARIABLES.md)** - Complete reference for all configuration options

#### Deployment
- **[AWS Quick Start](AWS_QUICKSTART.md)** - ⚡ Deploy to AWS in 15 minutes
- **[AWS Deployment Guide](docs/AWS_DEPLOYMENT.md)** - Complete AWS ECS Fargate setup
- **[Deployment Guide](DEPLOYMENT.md)** - Deploy to Render.com or Vercel
- **[Admin Setup](ADMIN_SETUP.md)** - Create admin user and configure OAuth
- **[Production Status](docs/PRODUCTION_STATUS.md)** - Feature completion status

#### Security & Operations
- **[Security Checklist](docs/SECURITY_CHECKLIST.md)** - Pre-deployment security verification
- **[Observability](docs/observability.md)** - Metrics, logging, and monitoring

### Additional Notes
- The legacy single-function Vercel deployment now lives in `drafts/legacy-vercel-api`. Port any still-relevant scraping logic into `packages/integrations-tiktok` before deletion.
- Reference specifications, diagrams, and historical notes sit in `drafts/reference-materials`.
- Set `TOKEN_ENCRYPTION_KEY` (base64 AES-256 key) before booting the API so OAuth tokens are stored encrypted.
- Follow the roadmap in `docs/implementation-roadmap.md` to continue development phases.
- Prometheus metrics are exposed at `/metrics` on the API and via the worker `METRICS_PORT` (default disabled). See `docs/observability.md`.
- Run `npm run smoke:test` after deploys to verify `/health` and `/metrics` endpoints.
- Render/Vercel deployment guidance lives in `docs/deployments/render.md`.
# autorepost-dash
